# Jalaj
 Many Indians/Himachalis today enjoy excellent oral health and are keeping their natural teeth throughout their lives. But this is often not the case for everybody. Cavities are still the foremost prevalent chronic disease.  Too many folks mistakenly believe that they have to work out a dentist on condition that they're in pain or think something is wrong but they're missing the larger picture. A dental visit means being examined by a doctor of oral health capable of diagnosing and treating conditions which will range from routine to extremely complex.  The team of our Viva Dental Clinic one amongst the simplest dental clinic approach to dentistry promotes continuity of care that's comprehensive, convenient, cost effective and efficient. Member of the team include dental assistants, lab technicians and dental hygienists, leading the team is that the dentist a doctor specializing in oral health.  Doctors of Viva Dental Clinic in Kangra who focuses on oral health are answerable for :-  Diagonising oral health Promoting oral health and disease prevention Creating treatment plans to keep up or restore the oral health of their patients Performing surgical procedures on the teeth, bone and soft tissues of the rima.  Our team makes a routine procedures like teeth extractions, preparing and placing fillings or administering anesthetics carry potential risks of complications like infections.  The World Health Organization has integrated oral health into its chronic disease prevention efforts because the risks to health are linked.  One of the simplest dental clinic,Viva Dental Clinic in Kangra recommends that dental visits begin no later than a child's first birthday to determine a "dental home". We also provide guidance to children and fogeys, deliver preventive oral health services. This ongoing attention will help both children and adults maintain optimal oral health throughout their lifetimes.  We are committed to treat our patients with comfortable and painless as possible. the most recent technologies utilized by us help us in making all of your dental problems get away without causing an excessive amount of discomfort to our patients. Pay us a visit and you may surely leave with a smile.
